You agree not to use any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, and to your service provider and relevant legal authorities being informed of your actions and of data which personally identifies you.

You agree that the administrators and moderators of this server have the right to mute, kick or ban you at any time should they see fit, and you agree to abide by any such restrictions imposed on you.

You agree not to share, relay or otherwise publish the content of any passworded channels, passworded hosts or other contexts with restricted access, without the explicit permission of both the channel owner and server adminstrators.

You confirm that you are at least 13 years of age.

The SpringRTS server and its managed game hosts process and retain data generated by their users:

A. Registration & login details: email address, IP/MAC address, chosen username, (hashed) password.
B. Actions taking place via Springs infrastructure: chat, games and all associated ingame commands, related hardware and connectivity information, client software used; and derived statistics of these data.
C. Source files, artwork and other content relating to games and development of games.

The data are used to provide services that would normally be expected from an online gaming platform, primarily:

1. Publicly available replays of games that were played in publicly accessible contexts. These include all actions taken by players, including chat, within the game.
2. Persistent game and chat elements, which make users aware of publicly visible events that previously occurred on the platform.
3. Development and provision of the Spring engine, plus supporting infrastructure, including a lobbyserver in which users chat to each other.
4. Bridging of publicly accessible chat channels to external locations, typically those managed by our own users or subprojects for purposes explicitly related to SpringRTS.
5. Verification of user identity on login and within battle hosts.
6. Moderator action in the event of disputes and suspected misconduct.

We process and retain information on basis of legitimate interest, to provide the above services. See https://springrts.com/wiki/Data_Usage for further information. A summary follows:

When data is supplied to the server within a publicly visible context, such as a public chat channel, we will generally make this data made publicly available to other users and may also disclose it to third parties. Private messages and the contents of passworded channels or passworded battle hosts are not made publicly available or disclosed third parties. Data supplied in contexts that are shared with other users is forwarded to other users in real-time and may potentially be retained or processed by those other users for periods and purposes outside of our control and knowledge. We also reserve the right to pass ANY data that we hold to relevant law enforcement agencies if we believe that users may have engaged in illegal activity.

Battle hosts listed on our server are typically provided and hosted by our users; consequently when you choose to connect to a battle host your IP address will become known to this battle host, as will any data as described in item B above that you generate during your usage of the battle host. If you choose to operate a battle host yourself, your IP address will be shared with other users.

We may send automated emails for purposes related to account verification, such as if you request account recovery. We do not engage in targeted advertising and will not send you emails marketing any services or products, including our own. We do not disclose your email address to third parties.

We permit users to connect to our server using external and bespoke client software. Consequently, the operation of such software may be outside of our control and knowledge. In such cases you must refer to your client software data usage policies for information concerning its treatment of the data you provide to it; the data usage policies summarised in this notice ONLY cover our usage of the data that is sent by you or your client software to our server.

While the administrators and moderators of this server will attempt to keep users from violating this agreement, it is impossible for them to maintain order at all times. Therefore you acknowledge that any messages or actions within our server expresses the views and opinions of its author and not those of the administrators and moderators, who will not be held liable for other users actions.

By using this service you hereby agree to all of the above terms. 