You agree not to use any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, and to your service provider and relevant legal authorities being informed of your actions and of data which personally identifies you.

You agree that the administrators and moderators of this server have the right to mute, kick or ban you at any time should they see fit, and you agree to abide by any such restrictions imposed on you.

You agree not to share, relay or otherwise publish the content of any passworded channels, passworded hosts or other contexts with restricted access, without the explicit permission of both the channel owner and server adminstrators.

You confirm that you are at least 13 years of age.

The SpringRTS server and its managed game hosts process and retain data generated by their users:

A. Registration & login details: email address, IP address, chosen username, (hashed) password.
B. Actions taking place via Springs infrastructure: chat, games and all associated ingame commands, related hardware and connectivity information, client software used; and derived statistics of these data.
C. Source files, artwork and other content relating to games and development of games.

The data are used to provide services that would normally be expected from an online gaming platform, primarily:

1. Publicly available replays of games that were played in publicly accessible contexts. These include all actions taken by players, including chat, within the game.
2. Persistent game and chat elements, which make users aware of publicly visible events that previously occurred on the platform.
3. Development and provision of the Spring engine, plus supporting infrastructure, including a lobbyserver in which users chat to each other.
4. Bridging of publicly accessible chat channels to external locations, typically those managed by our own users or subprojects for purposes explicitly related to SpringRTS.
5. Verification of user identity on login and within battle hosts.
6. Moderator action in the event of disputes and suspected misconduct.

We process and retain information on basis of legitimate interest, to provide the above services. See https://springrts.com/wiki/Data_Usage for further information.

Battle hosts listed on our server are typically provided and hosted by our users. When you join to a battle host your IP address will become known to this battle host. If you choose to operate a battle host yourself, your IP address will be shared with other users.

We allow connections to our server using external and bespoke client software; which you may be using. In such cases you must refer to your client software data usage policies for information concerning its treatment of the data you provide to it. The data usage policies summarised in this notice ONLY cover our usage of the data that is sent by you or your client software to our server.

While the administrators and moderators of this server will attempt to keep users from violating this agreement, it is impossible for them to maintain order at all times. Therefore you acknowledge that any messages or actions within our server expresses the views and opinions of its author and not those of the administrators and moderators, who will not be held liable for other users actions.

By using this service you hereby agree to all of the above terms. 
